
3C295
=====

Get the data
------------

-  Go online to

   ::

       http://www2.cadc-ccda.hia-iha.nrc-cnrc.gc.ca/en/search/?collection=CFHT&noexec=true#queryFormTab

-  Select your target in ``Spatial Constraints -> Target`` (put 3C295),
   and then, select below using the following criteria:

   ::

       Optical -> CFHT -> MegaPrime -> All -> Calibrated -> Image -> Object

-  Click on the ``Search`` buttn. Make sure all exposure have an
   integration time of at least 200s (``Int Time`` -> ``>200``), and the
   calibration is 2 (``Cal. Lev``). ``Mark`` them all using the button
   at the top of the list, and click on ``Download``.

-  Click on ``URLS list in a file``, download the list

-  Go to your terminal, and launch
   ``wget --content-disposition -i FILE_NAME`` (see the webpage for
   details) in the directory you want to get the file you just
   downloaded.

   ::

       cd WORKDIR/3C295
       mkdir CalibratedData
       cd CalibratedData
       mv ~/Download/cadcUrlList.txt .
       wget --content-disposition -i cadcUrlList.txt

-  Depending on your connection, this could take a little wile
   (300-400MB / file, ~100 files)

Re-organize the data
--------------------

We first need to re-organize the data to get a directory with a
structure compatible with the LSST stack.

::

        setup pipe_task
        setup obs_cfht -t chotard
        ingestImages.py input CalibratedData/*.fz --mode link
        

The --mode link will create links instead of copying file

Get the astrometry
------------------

A script available at CC-IN2P3 will help you get the needed astrometry
files using as input the list of calibrated data downloaded in the first
step (cadcUrlList.txt). It is for now stored under

::

        /sps/lsst/dev/nchotard/scripts/get_astrometry.py
        

but will soon ne uploaded on github. Here is in some details what the
script does.

The coordinate of the cluster are (RA, DEC) = (212.8355, 52.20277) in
degree. They also come from CADC. At the moment the most complete
catalog available is based on SDSS DR9 and is available at IN2P3 in:

::

        /sps/lsst/data/astrometry_net_data/sdss-dr9 (1440 files)

To get the specific files that you need for the cluster analysis, you
will use

::

        get-healpix -N8 212.8355 -- 52.20277  # "--" is optional in this case but mandatory for a negative declination value
        

Which will return

::

        (RA, DEC) = (212.835, 52.2028) degrees
        Healpix=157 in the XY scheme (bighp=2, x=3, y=5)
          healpix=100 in the RING scheme (ringnum=7, longind=16)
          healpix=167 in the NESTED scheme.
        Healpix center is (212.14286, 48.141208) degrees
        Healpix is bounded by RA=[205.714, 218.571], Dec=[41.8103, 54.3409] degrees.
        Healpix scale is 26384.5 arcsec.

This output give you the file number that you need to get (Healpix=157).
Since each
